9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China show. I'm Y Ivon Man with David
and Glass.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. Let's
get your top stories today. The US
launching a fresh wave of attacks
against Iran, pushing their ceasefire
closer to collapse and reviving
geopolitical risk.
>> Oil extends gains after the latest
strikes in the Middle East. Chinese
stocks nearing bare market territory as
geopolitical turmoil and a selloff in
tech weigh on the region. Meanwhile,
traders brace for the Space X trading
debut. Now, sources telling Bloomberg
the record share sale is more than four
times overs subscribed. And Ant Group's
international business is said to be
considering raising a billion dollars
which could pave the way for its long
delayed IPO.
So, a few things Dave really when you
have some of the Iran headlines that are
crossing here where it's bringing oil
prices back up a little bit and you know
you pair that with the SpaceX IPO that's
happening a little later on this week.
Um that certainly is adding some you
know nerves into this market once again
and even you know core CPI numbers of
the US didn't quite actually alleviate
some of those concerns out there.
>> No, despite it actually coming in when
you look at some of the core core
measures actually coming on the softer
side. just I guess markets are a bit
touchy uh given of course the liquidity
issues right now given the massive
listings and of course how far some of
these markets have come um I think when
you look at the oil story which is
interesting too because it's now
starting to bleed into parts of the
inflation story and not so much a tariff
story right and I think Brent on two
days is up 4% it's everything but Brent
and the dollar so it's clearly the
riskoff uh session today we'll we'll get
into the latest on Iran uh in a couple
of minutes here but it's suffice to a
all these things that Ivon just
mentioned is leading to risk assets
being taken off the table and I think
gold which is back above 41 on the most
active contract but we're we're
certainly closer to 4,000 right now than
we were a few months ago. So it's
certainly something to watch to today.
Yeah. And it's interesting even despite
that softer sort of US CPI print um core
print we should say you know you are
still seeing the market pricing in that
Fed rate hike
>> it's still
>> it's still priced in right and it's
quite interesting even from the likes of
Bloomer Economics and um they're
thinking maybe this takes a bit of heat
off Kevin Wish as he heads into his
first meeting uh next week from the FOMC
because in some ways you're starting to
see some of these non-essential items
and what consumers are actually starting
to um buy less of they're saying is
you're seeing this inflation in some of
these sort of categories here. So
perhaps that does lead them to still
have some flexibility and they see still
think that you know be thinks that they
could still cut later on this year as
well
>> that the door is open for a reduction in
rates. I mean UBS is taking the opposite
view here and what they're saying is
look at the dots next week because they
do expect that to get priced out and the
beginning which is interesting the
beginning of the easing cycle in their
view begins. In other words, we are done
with the easing cycle and we will go
into the new one
>> uh the fresh one March of next year. So
the balance uh on inflation risk is
evolving but it's still towards the
upside and the dot plot will show a
shift towards no cuts uh in 2026. We
talked about SpaceX. I think we get
pricing. So we're done with the the
books are closed.
>> Yes.
>> And we'll get the pricing later on
today. Well on the 11th which is
effectively the calendar date as we
speak.
>> Yeah. So, we're looking for that for the
next 24 hours or so. Um, but later on
tonight, possibly we might get that
pricing, of course, and then it's going
to list the following day. So, I think
there is a bit of angst amongst the tech
space leading up to that, which might
not bode well, of course, for SpaceX.
We'll see, right? It could be just parts
of this world are just waiting for that
to happen here. It could suck a lot of
the flows uh from this part of the
world, maybe back to the US.
>> I It's like a It's like the first time
we're ever going to see a space a rocket
launch, right? We just have to wait and
see whether or not it gets off the
ground. It's not just it's not just the
stock price, right? You got to take a
look at if this is one of the largest,
if the largest IPO ever, right? It's all
about the are the systems in place to
make sure that
>> settlement transactions are going to go
through executing these orders. I mean,
it's going to be a massive undertaking
nevertheless.
>> Yeah. Worst time to go from T+1 to T+0.
Not that that's operationally on the
table. Uh today, we we we talked about
some of the benchmarks across the the
greater Chinese market. Of course, when
you look at Hangen Index, we're very
very close to taking out the recent low.
And on MEI China, we're also close to
about a bare market there. So about 2
and a half% away. Uh we're looking at
some of the risk assets. Can we show
that please? I think Taiwan just opened
up that should be seeing some pressure
right now uh in the early going. So on
the back of everything else, including
of course the latest.
>> Don't forget that the TSMC numbers that
came out yesterday as well. We did see
the ADRs actually fall 4% which is not a
really common move from TSMC. So that
certainly is one thing to watch here. Um
they did say monthly sales did rise some
30% thanks to of course the sustained AI
demand. Um but yes um they are starting
to see you know the stock did fall right
there you go we're slightly lower by 410
of 1% in Taipei here right now. Uh for
more really on on what's been going on
Iran um what we have been hearing here
the latest headline that we're hearing
from the US is that the military has
completed the latest strikes uh in Iran.
And for more on, of course, this
reescalation of fighting between the US
and Iran, let's bring in Jill Dies, our
News Desk managing editor. Um, I mean,
this is probably one of the biggest
flares we've seen in weeks. Really,
what's the latest?
>> Yes, that's right, Ivon. I was actually
just reading this latest statement from
Sentcom saying that the latest round of
strikes has been concluded, but at the
same time, it's really difficult to even
call this temporary truce, this
temporary ceasefire ceasefire anymore.
So, this is what was announced back at
the beginning of April. Um because I
mean what you've seen over the last
couple of days are these um you know
trade-offs and strikes between the US
and Iran and you've also seen some
growing impatience uh from Donald Trump
himself talking about how um you know
even if this latest round has been
concluded he's threatened to continue
bombing Iran uh if they don't come to
the table and ultimately sign a deal. So
you do see that you know despite the
fact that uh Trump has he's he's been
kind of going back and forth over the
past several weeks at this point over
we're going to reach a deal, we're close
to reaching a deal. Uh at the same time
obviously reintroducing some of these
bombing campaigns. I mean um at this
point it's really unclear how exactly we
get uh both of these sides to the
negotiating table to the point where
there's actually a a longerlasting truce
in place. And I think you've got to take
some of this recent action this military
action from the US and say you know are
are we actually going to be able to go
another 24 hours without seeing renewed
strikes again?
>> The latest from the other side Iran. So
we've heard some details on the straight
of Hormuz and we also understand that
they targeted the fifth fleet in in
Bahrain.
>> Yes. Uh David, so what we saw yesterday
was that um after the uh latest round of
after that round of strikes by the US,
you saw some targeted bombing um or
military strikes rather from Iran um on
um the US US Navy fleet in uh in
Bahrain. We saw some other reports of
strikes in Jordan in in Kuwait. Um so
there was a little bit of that trade-off
there. Although we haven't seen anything
that rises to maybe the level of
significance that you saw earlier this
year. I mean I'm thinking back to when
Brent really spiked in March um when
there were um you know that Qatari um LG
plant that was targeted. So we haven't
seen anything like that at this stage.
Um as for the straight of Hermuz again
you're seeing some conflicting
statements there. Uh you've got Iran
saying or you've got state TV rather in
Iran saying that the straight of Hermuz
is completely closed. Uh but then you
also had Trump earlier uh today saying
that um commercial ships were able to
transit through the straight of Hermuz
and Trump really you know again with
that Trump bluster saying that the US
controls the straight of her moose. So
you do have those conflicting statements
there. Obviously we saw a little bit of
um you know that that bump in and Brent
at the open today um kind of indicating
that you know the energy markets are
looking at this and are are having a lot
of jitters there. So I think still um
some unresolved questions about how
exactly um you know ships are able to
transit through the straight of Vermu
especially when there's this ongoing
threat of these potential flare-ups um
you know from military strikes and such.
So again at this point very very latest
line just within the last couple of
minutes is that uh US central command is
saying that uh this latest round has
concluded but I think you know when you
saw what happened yesterday what you saw
has happened today it's difficult to say
whether or not that's just going to you
know potentially happen again tomorrow.
>> I mean both versions both can't be true.
Um, so Jill, thank you so much for
splitting the difference for us there.
Uh, Jill D is there news desk managing
uh, editor. We talked about the tech
selloff. Not as bad as the initial going
uh, but still in the red as you can see
we're down on the benchmark half of 1%.
I think some of the big names are coming
up on your screens. TSMC's down about
710. Samsung uh, this looks like a
normally down day. Uh let's bring in
Anthony Stevens of course a market
reporter here for more context on this
and what are you watching and as far as
the tech space and the macro outlook's
concerned here
>> right just for the macro right when a
number comes in in line and there's a
big market reaction then you know that
the details matter and the details here
are that US consumers are pulling back
and suppressing core CPI while energy is
pushing up the headline number that
combination is bad for markets right
people can't consume there it's in line
with low consumer confidence uh
alongside that we can't argue anymore
that the energy shock is transitory,
right? Like we literally went through
how convoluted the system is uh in
getting this energy crisis reduced this
this war out of the way. So it does look
like the energy shock is maintained. Now
the reaction function from that is
retail is cutting their biggest trades.
They are struggling to pay their bills
let alone punt in stocks and gold and
bitcoin and the like. Right? So you see
gold break the 200 day moving average
have a big move. 4,000 is in play.
Bitcoin has been sliding for weeks and
they cut their most speculative corners
of the tech rally and now that is coming
into the Asian session in a very
complicated way because we face this
liquidity vacuum ahead of SpaceX. So
that sets us up very interestingly here.
>> I like your your morning note is like
it's it's it's basically Iran and Elon
right now within the tech selloff
though. Are there any themes that you're
watching off? So what we're seeing over
the session is people are gravitating to
quality right you've seen that over the
session we opened up very bad and now
people are starting to get back into the
memory sector which has the cash flow
right here and right now while they're
being a lot more circumspect about stuff
that has kind of dream like valuations
like physical AI robots and and the like
that stuff is still weak but people are
rushing back into highex they're rushing
back into TSMC compared to where it was
priced overnight so that quality uh
drive. That will be interesting to see
as markets recover what are the names
people buy and in the early days it
looks like there's no rush to get back
into the more speculative corners of the
market. One last thing to mention you
know people are trying to get issuance
ahead of the SpaceX and open IPOs and
that's not going well at all. Super
Micro was down 28% after they tried to
raise money ahead of this IPO.
>> All right, Anthony, thank And as Anthony
was talking about, right, getting back
into those sort of traditionality,
>> AI names like SK Heinix and the like and
really that's helping to lift the Cosby
here this morning. We basically have
raced a loss of as much as 4 and a.5% in
just the last couple of minutes or so.
So certainly we are back above positive
territory when it comes to the Cosby
here today. And that means well what
does that mean for China markets?
Certainly there's a lot going there as
we countdown to the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong. This
is the China show.
I think that this is detrimental to your
US interest. Why don't you welcome the
liquidity from all over the world?
>> Companies are not raising for the sake
of raising. they're raising for clear
use of proceeds and because there's
clear business opportunities ahead of
them
>> and if you really peel the onion and
look into it I will be I will be qu you
know I'm quite sure that you you'll
start seeing a lot of companies which
may you know be be you know what you you
know generally looked at as Chinese
companies
>> when you look at Shanghai look at sen
we have huge number of excellent tech
companies at very attractive valuation
waiting for investment.
>> All right, some more guests speaking at
Bloomberg Invest Hong Kong on Wednesday
and really touching on that topic of
that SpaceX IPO. Just to give a little
bit more context what we had with our
conversation with Paul Chan, the
financial secretary. He was talking a
little bit more about the fact that, you
know, Chinese and Hong Kong investors
have been barred from taking part in
this IPO because of national security
concerns. And he said, look, why can't
we share the liquidity in some ways? Um,
so certainly that's one thing to watch
here of course of of the demand picture
that we're seeing across this part of
the world when it comes to this mega
mega deal that's coming out. We've
learned uh when it came to the SpaceX
IPO has attracted demand for more than
four times the available shares. Now
banks were expected to stop taking
orders after the US market close as
investors brace for that biggest public
debut ever. Dave,
>> yeah, and Michael Heith is with us right
now, our deal editor. Michael, we're
almost there. We're almost there. Let's
count 48 hours from liftoff. But yeah,
take us through what we know so far. The
books have we understand have closed.
There's clearly a lot of demand going
into what was already substantially
large deal. Uh what do we understand
about demand and where did the demand
come from?
>> Right. The the biggest day is almost
here um for the biggest IPO. Um the the
books are interesting because the the
institutional investors which are
accounting for about 70% of that 75
billion. um their orders are in. The
only drama tomorrow for them looks like
it'll be how much of the amounts they
requested they actually get allotted.
The same for retail investors about 7
about 30% of the total. Then presumably
the price will be confirmed as $135 a
share as planned and then it'll go on to
trading um in Friday in the US midday.
And that's when the the perhaps real
drama will kick in as to how it trades.
Does it pop? Does it not pop? the the
investment is strong. Um lots of
retailers um as you noted um large pools
of capital from China, Hong Kong not
included in this this IPO. Um Japan,
Australia, Canada and some countries in
Europe are really the only overseas
allotments that are being handed out and
um that's still there's still a lot of
demand. um Japan's um portion the shares
being sold there was increased by a
quarter about 2.5 billion and um because
Japan has not had a a really large IPO
and the market's been kind of down there
for a while um there's the demand is
apparently coming in and as noted it's
overs subscribed there it's overs
subscribed um generally elsewhere too
>> um yeah I mean certainly there there's
that enthusiasm that you're seeing uh
all across the world in some ways.
>> What do we need to look out for on the
day that things list? I mean, is the
plumbing in place, right? When when
you're talking about the amount of
>> orders and and you know, people that are
really kind of trying to buy in on this
right now, you know, are are are the
risk management systems is everything in
place to really kind of stomach and and
deal with of course this massive massive
sort of frenzy here?
>> That's one of those remains to be seen
and proved in real time. The one thing
that we know for sure is because there
is so much focus on this because it is
such a large listing and so important.
Everyone involved is I'm sure working
overtime plus to get it right. Um that
includes NASDAQ does not want to any
sort of glitches in this one whatsoever.
And the index funds that are involved
and the the buyers and it's it's going
to be everyone working I'm sure to get
it right because it will have fallout if
things go wrong. I mean there are other
large listings coming up as we know open
AAI and Anthropic later in the year
perhaps and the ability to process
orders and
and share sales once trading starts
especially will be very critical to sort
of proving the
the sturdiness of the market.
>> Okay. And the integrity of the piping um
and hopefully nothing goes down the
toilet. Uh, Michael, thank you so much.
Michael Hearthy there, our deals editor,
as we go into this, think about it, this
dress rehearsal going into some of the
other big ones, but we have to get
through this one. Uh, first, right,
we're about a minute to the pre-markets
in Hong Kong. We're down about three
times in 1%. The Cosby up. Who needs an
X when the Cosby's playing with your
feelings this way? We're now down again,
in fact. Okay, so we've had to rewrite
our scripts. We're down again on the
Cosby. But anyway, let's get to the
other story that we're tracking here on.
>> Yeah. And it's really about, you know,
the fundraising environment and what
what we're still seeing here, right? So
Bloomberg has learned that when it comes
to Ant Group's international business is
considering raising about $1 billion to
ramp up growth. Let's bring in our China
correspondent Mman Low on, you know,
this fundraising. It it's it gives us
some signs of what this whole upcoming
IPO could look like. We've been long
waiting for for some sort of news.
>> Yeah. Many years in the wake uh in the
uh in the making, right? We all remember
what happened in 2020 when what was uh
meant to be the largest IPO at the time
had been foiled by Chinese regulators
cracking down on that company. So we
understand from sources that end
international and end international is
now looking to raise a billion dollars
privately that could potentially lead to
this IPO in Hong Kong maybe as early as
this year. But of course the conditions
around this IPO is very different from
what it was 6 years ago. At the time,
Ange Group was valued at $280 billion.
Now, as of 2023, when there was a share
repurchase proposal, it was valued at
just under $80 billion. So, that is what
less than a third of what it was before.
But this time though, we're talking
about fundraising by Ant International.
So, Ant International is carved out of
Ant Group um after that foil uh IPO uh
to really climb over some of the
regulatory hurdles. So, ENT
International is now headquartered in
Singapore. It answers to MAS. So, it
doesn't have to answer to the Chinese
regulators and that puts it on a more
stable path towards this potential
listing.
>> So, what does the international arm do
exactly?
>> So, we all know about Alipe and the
international arm has a service called
Alipe Plus which handles all the
crossber payments um for more than over
200 markets. It supports more than 300
uh payment methods. It also has a
separate merchantfacing service that
helps these merchants accept payments in
over 100 currencies. And then it has
another unit which is a B2B service that
handles crossber trade payments. And the
fourth business unit is called better.
It is an AI powered digital lending
service that helps clients with treasury
and foreign exchange management. So
revenue-wise pretty strong. Last year it
was more than three $3 billion and of
course an IPO would give it uh necessary
cash to potentially kind of continue on
these uh international acquisitions uh
as well as expansion of its uh payments
ecosystem.
>> Minman thank you so much Minman Low our
China correspondent there. Uh going into
the opening bell at 10 to 1% to the
downside on the hanging index we are
flirting with 11mon lows on the
benchmark. Lots more ahead a preview of
the trading session is coming up next.
This is the China show.
Welcome back. Going into the open today,
we're looking at a couple of benchmarks
and specifically respective levels on
each one. Hanging index, in fact, we're
almost there, if not already there. Just
something to watch. just at about where
we are right now, maybe 24 370
thereabouts. Below that level, we're
effectively there. That takes us back to
flip the page, please. Uh lowest level
since July of last year. So, effectively
11 12 month lows. MSEI China's still a
bit far away from a specific level that
we're tracking. We're down about 16 and
a half currently from the peak back in
October, but effectively we're now
looking at about the lowest level here
going back about 9 10 months. And we're
now near bare markets. We're about, you
know, one or two days away from that
specific level at about 73. Nice whole
round number there, Ivon.
>> Yeah. So, certainly that's going to be
one thing to watch. Um, do we see some
sort of catch up now that we are seeing
this unwind of Korea and Taiwan,
although you know, Korea is kind of
doing a whole kind of whipssaw thing
this morning as well just given the
volatility around uh Iran of course of
the SpaceX IPO um and pricing set to
come out just a little bit later on
today. In terms of your analyst actions
here today, Quao Techch getting an
upgrade there from JP Morgan raised to
overweight with a price target of 71.
Hong Kong dollars miniax as well rated a
new buy at CMBB. Uh Air China 8 shares
also raised to a hold at DBS Bank and
they're saying you know the the mix
looks a little bit better now in terms
of the reward and all that risk and
reward I should say of some of these
airlines according to DBS. Uh one thing
to watch is AIA in particular here. So,
uh, interestingly enough, you heard from
Morgan Stanley, um, when he talks about
when they're talking about, you know,
there could be some upside here given
that the recent sell off has made its
short-term valuation more compelling.
You pair that with what JP Morgan is
saying about the financials. So, HSBC
stand chart, uh, there's compelling
entry points as well here, uh, after of
course a lot of the shivers that we've
seen when it comes to crossber curves
uh, and the light has really weighed on
the sector. you take a look when it
comes to the rest of the market here in
terms of oil prices and oil stocks that
certainly we're seeing a lift there when
it comes to uh some of these uh oil
majors here today. We're tracking what's
going on with the minors as well and
take a look what's going gold prices and
silver prices. We continue to see of
course that downtrend when it comes to
bullion here and there you go. You're
seeing the likes of dig gold down some
3%. We got the open coming up next. This
is Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show going into the open today. So
a couple of big stories um the latest on
Iran and it does seem markets are
somewhat putting
a large part of the recent story behind
it and I think uh the announcements from
the US Sentcom earlier on might have
added to some risk appetite in the last
few minutes or so. So that's number one
of course it's still very fluid just to
note that and of course SpaceX IPO is
another big factor to contend with.
Yeah, I mean when you're talking about
what could be the biggest IPO in
history, you know, there's going to be a
lot of plumbing, a lot of uh I guess the
logistic side of things to make sure
that this IPO launches in a smooth way,
right? So maybe that's why you're seeing
a little bit of angst leading up to this
IPO here and a bit of rebalancing of
course still when it comes to this whole
tech selloff here. You have the Iran
headlines and that really does not bode
well for risk assets here today. Uh but
then again, Korea has been just kind of
going all over the place here. CSI 300
we're up about a third of 1% down about
a third of 1% I should say. So we are
seeing some pressure when it comes to
onshore equities today. You see what
Shanghai crude is doing and it's kind of
following the oil price higher. We're up
about three and a half% uh for Shanghai
crude futures. Uh and we're focusing
very much on what's going on with likes
of gold, silver that continues to uh
underperform here and really following
the likes of what we saw with Bitcoin
overnight amidst these riskoff moves. Uh
and we're watching very closely what
goes on when it comes to of course the
copper side of things. So that's also
falling here today. Uh you take a look
when it comes to some of the big tech
big cap names like Capricorn Tech. Not
much movement there, but CLA shares are
lower by close to 1%. Uh we're watching
this Eptolink Tech. This is one of the
darlings of course uh that's been listed
on shore. They are planning a second
listing in Hong Kong. That announcement
did come uh yesterday there. Uh the
stock at least is slightly lower here
this morning. uh China resources power
that also came through and got the the
approval uh for a Shenzhen listing as
well. Uh take a look when it comes to
the Hong Kong dashboard in particular
here. Uh obviously we've been talking
about you know the the financial side of
things right. So after this sort of the
nerves and wobbles that we saw around
HSBC stand chart uh AIA some of the
insurers on the back of the you know
these crossber curves and what it could
mean for the financial services sector
here. uh you know you have the likes of
the sell aside like JP Morgan like
Morgan Stanley now saying look these are
attractive entry points now after the
selloff uh and maybe time to to to buy
in stand chart though we're still seeing
continued downside about 1.6% 6%. HSBC
is slightly lower here today as well. Uh
large cap big tech still looking pretty
dicey here. Alibaba is down close to 2%.
Of course, we got news according to our
sources about Ant and its international
business and this fundraising round
which could pave the way for that IPO
we've been waiting for years. Uh the
chip space is not looking too good here
today. Huh? Semi is down close to 1 and
a.5% as well. we've been talking about.
I mean, you see TSMC under a bit of
pressure here on back at some monthly
sales numbers, but even SK Hinx and
Samsung have been kind of wavering
between gains and losses here this
morning. So, um, mostly lower across
some of the AI trades here. Uh, and
we're watching very closely when it
comes to precious metals, right? So, you
know, we were near close to maybe
getting closer to that 4,000 level for
bullion here. So, we are seeing some of
these miners uh feeling that today. I
mean, gold's gone. I think we're now
down 30% on gold from from the peak. Um,
yeah. So, there we go. 4100 4,000. Lapu
gold. It's also worth mentioning
Chhattai FUK, which is has been played
as a gold play, is also coming up with
our next day. Just to keep that uh in
mind. Okay. So, all things equal, we
talked about this. We seems that we are
getting a bounce at the open today.
Hanging index is near but maybe not
quite there. Might not get there today.
A one-year low, one 11 month low. So, as
you can see on the chart, that's very
close to the the bottom that we had back
in uh March/Appril.
MEI China's also nearing a bare market.
We're down about what's called 17% from
the peak that we had back in October.
Certainly you look underneath the hood
the constituency
uh makeup of these two benchmarks
not a lot of pure AI plays and it's
really leaned towards the consumption
story and some of the platform companies
that when you look at from an earnings
perspective
uh the earnings just haven't been there
at least compar comparatively to what
you have elsewhere in the region.
>> Yeah let's bring in Jing Simma chief
China investment strategist at BCA
research he's in our Hong Kong studios.
Jing, it's good to have you. Uh, you
guys downgraded offshore equities
earlier this prior year. That that trade
certainly has played out for you guys.
Do you see any sort of signs of of
catchup or even anything more brighter
in the future now for for this?
>> Yes. So, we downgraded the Chinese MCI
China index basically because the heavy
weight of consumerf facing e-commerce in
that index. So uh we I think for the
rest of the year we're not seeing any
policy support any meaningful policy
support in the consumption consumer
sector. So I think that play probably um
we're staying we're maintaining our call
for the rest of the year at least.
>> That's fairly non-conensus. Most
economists that we talk to here think
that the consumption story is about to
pick up.
>> Yeah. Well, we have a contrarian view
here because I think our structural view
is that if we think about Chinese
economic rebalancing. We're actually
thinking it differently. We're not
thinking that policy makers are going to
meaningfully boost consumption or
consumer sector. Well, consumption
really is driven by mostly three things.
You know, job security, wage growth, and
also households willingness to take on
more loans. And none of the three is
happening in China. And without any
meaningful policy support, any
structural reforms, this is not
happening. You know, we're not seeing
any meaningful pickup in consumption.
Rather, I think the economic rebalancing
is happening in the manufacturing or
industrial supply chains that you know
in China now has is very competitive in
midstream industries in manufacturing
sector. But upstream China does not
control the the prices of energy, prices
of materials, prices of a lot of like
chips and semiconductors even. And then
downstream China doesn't doesn't control
final demand. Most final demand is
coming from external. So I think China
is rebalancing in that sense as China is
moving towards more investment in the
upstream industry meaning like securing
food, securing energy, securing um
>> controlling pricing upstream.
>> Exactly.
>> Um you're also neutral when it comes to
some of these AI related plays in China.
Is that is that a more of a fundamental
story here?
>> Yeah, I think there are main two main
reasons. one is a lot of those companies
you know they're selling this AI story
but you know we don't see monetization
yet we don't see profitability yet uh
compared to especially compared to some
of the Korean companies Taiwanese
companies and US companies especially
see so in relative terms I think for
global investors Chinese AI companies
are up and coming but they're still
emerging they're not there yet and the
other thing is I do believe we're in the
late cycle A lot of indicators are
showing signs of a a typical late cycle
in capex. So I think K AIQ capex is a
pretty pretty certain story but on a
rate of change basis. You know this year
we see huge capex. Next year we're going
to see capex in absolute levels but rate
of change basis we may see as a a
moderation.
>> Okay. Um,
is that going to play out in China
though because the this the AI plays in
China have largely moved along the
domestic story, not so much the global
capex story. I just wonder how you two
those two themes intersect.
>> Well, yeah, there are you're right there
are two uh two themes. One is the
substitute of uh you know imported chips
and things and you know domestic self
technology self-sufficiency.
uh and the other one is external demand.
Well, if I look at all the companies in
the midstream industry in China, the
companies are that are actually reaping
huge profits are the ones export to the
US are the ones along the the US AI
capex boom supply chains. So there are
definitely two stories but I do think
the external demand is more on probably
uh have higher risks.
>> That's right.
>> Okay. Um where does that leave what you
tell clients that what would you
recommend still as you could still if
you want to stay still stay invested
>> um but you know still find some decent
>> sort of returns in this market where
where would that be? So we are moving
away from slowly moving away from the AI
darling stocks uh into something we're
starting to look into instructor related
um more of the picks and shovels kind of
stocks sectors I would say um raw
materials industrials we do see signs
very early signs of um pick up in
instructor investment especially
uh central government regulatory
oversight over local government's
financing and local government um
regulatories basically. So I think that
those are early signs. Usually when you
see those signs you see some pick up in
infrastructure investment. So our bet is
second of the year we are going to see a
step up in investment in the instructor
side.
>> To the point you were making earlier the
rebalancing of the economy it's the
industrial side. And do I find those
names onshore mostly or offshore?
>> Onshore. I think mostly right now mostly
onshore. Not because the companies are
not listed in Hong Kong. It's just those
companies account for a smaller share of
the offshore market
>> of the bank. And how much visibility do
you have over earnings? And how
receptive are foreign investors to going
maybe down the market cap ladder onshore
because that's
>> quite a bit of a leap for foreign dollar
investors. Yeah, I think for global
investors onshore markets is is more of
a buying the insurance policy because
when global markets are in a girration
and global investors are uh risk averse
usually onshore markets have lower
volatility. So you want to leave a
little bit allocation to a shares not
because asshare companies have high you
know growth story uh or earning story
but because they are less volatile and
also R&B is more stable.
>> How how do I look at the power side of
things right? I think people say when I
look at China if I want to play the AI
play commodities and this whole kind of
green tech renewable sort of theme can
can really emerge as something that is
that AI adjacent play. Is that something
that you're looking at very closely now
or?
>> Yeah, I mean I think you have to have a
balanced uh portfolio in terms of a you
know for even especially for dedicated
China investors you need to have a
balance more balanced portfol portfolio.
You want to stay in the AI sector. You
want to capture some of the early, you
know, uh, emerging uh, sectors, but you
also want to stay safe, stay in some of
the not so exciting, right? Not so
exciting sectors. You also want to stay
want to have some exposure to that.
>> Okay, Jen, thank you. Jing Suma there,
chief China investment strategist at BCA
Research. Coming up, partners at PWC
China are worried now about their
finances amid Everrand's liquidation.
We're looking into why their personal
assets could be on the line. This is
Bloomberg.
Right. Interesting story we're going to
get into right now. So you know that
Everrand PWC story and you have some
partners at PWC are exploring ways
because they're potentially on the hook
here uh to protect their own personal
assets amid of course these concerns
that the financial fallout from that
liquidation of the Everrand group then
seeps into some personal wealth issues.
Let's bring in our credit reporter
Trista Shini Law who has the details for
us on so so what do we know about their
how on the hook they actually are here?
Let's start with that. Yeah. So
everything become more concrete and
serious and intense among partners
especially after midmay they hear the
claim number from the liquidator. So
Aragon liquidator actually claimed $8.4
billion against PWC international and
PWC Hong Kong and PWC mainland China
affiliates. So for those partners um you
know for Hong Kong the auditing firm
actually register under unlimited
partnership which means that the partner
will share any liability as well as
profits. So for those audit equity
partner they need to you know start to
worry about if the liquidator can go
after them individually. So that's one
of their biggest concern for those
partners right now. And it's interesting
you you've been talking to some of them
about the creative ways that they're
going about possibly or considering at
least to protect their assets. What what
even from divorce they're talking about?
>> Yeah, divorce is usually you know a
common way for people when they consider
to protect their own asset, right?
Divorce is one way and then you know
shifting money to transfer more money to
family members is another way and then
uh you know some are already already cut
the education budget for their kids
because they're going to be well
prepared for what's coming next and then
for the existing uh you know those u
equity partners some of them are
considering to fasten their plans to
leave their firms because for them the
concern is about whether they will be
asked by the firms to chip in more money
if in the future the firm actually need
more money to run the business and also
um their compensation package will be
further impacted because some of them
are the their compensation package
already being impacted even back in 2024
when PWC mainland China affiliate being
penalized by the mainland regulator
>> yeah I mean they lost
>> 50 to 60%
>> to do business anyway right so the
revenue streams got away so when do we
know in finality whether the liquidator
can in fact go after
>> their personal assets
>> for such a case it usually lasts for a
long time, right? I think the next thing
for us to watch is whether PWC
International, which is the umbrella
entity for the firm worldwide, can
success successfully strike out from
such a case because if they can do that,
it will leave the burden to the mainland
and China uh mainland China and Hong
Kong affiliates, which means that those
partner need to, you know, further think
about how to better protect their own
wealth.
>> Trista, thank you. Trista Shingi Law
there, our credit reporter on the latest
when it comes to PWC. We've been
tracking some other corporate news this
morning. Oracle shares fell in extended
trading after fourth quarter capital
expenses came in higher than estimated,
overshadowing AI growth. Now, Oracle has
refashioned itself as a provider of AI
computing power, embarking on a massive
buildout of data centers for OpenAI and
other customers. It plans to raise up to
$40 billion in equity and debt by fiscal
2027 to fund further expansion. OpenAI
says China linked accounts used chat GBT
to stir opposition to US data centers.
Now it says the accounts generated
English language posts raising concerns
about rising electricity costs and were
probably tied to a private Chinese tech
firm that they didn't name. Now OpenAI
says the postings did not have a wide
reach but should raise concerns about
foreign attempts to undercut a strategic
industry. KKR says markets may be
underestimating AI's power demands. as
the firm's head of real assets says
there are signs of frothiness in digital
infrastructure warning that too much may
be built relative to current demand. KKR
says it's not taking a view on AI growth
but instead focus on positioning for the
opportunity.
>> Look, we know from the telecom issues in
20 you know 2001 these things do get
overbuilt and so there will probably be
some overbuilding and we also don't know
which large language model is going to
win. I mean, so to me, this is a know
thy customer, make sure you have
contracted revenues, and don't, you
know, do the uh if they'll build it,
we'll we'll come. I I think you're going
to see some of that. Um that's not what
we're trying to do as a firm,
particularly. We have a leading, you
know, infrastructure franchise. We do a
lot in AI and the the data center
buildout, but we're trying to be
disciplined around that.
>> All right, an update of cash markets.
Right now, it's mixed, which trust me
when we say this, we're actually in much
better shape than we were about 90
minutes back. Lots more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> All right, we've been tracking the best
of the best from Bloomberg Invest
yesterday, Dave. And really um we talk
about BU with very interesting
conversation there as AI spending
accelerates. Abide CFO says balancing
capital allocation with shareholder
returns is a quote impossible triangle.
Henry Hush spoke to the Bloomberg Invest
Hong Kong about which aspect of the
company's AI operations he sees as a
must-win
cloud at this moment is a platform you
can not only hosting Ernie which is our
own model but also I can working very
open to hosting other models and my chip
which connecting to my cloud platform
can also help on inference because right
now the pre- training is important but
80% of the incremental demand today on a
token are inference related. I think
this part of the full picture is what I
want to emphasize. But you know given a
tough question if I want to pick one as
a student ABC D I want to pick number C
which is my cloud.
>> How are you actually allocating capital
and then how are you actually I guess
balancing that with returning capital at
the same time to shareholders.
>> Yeah. Um so I I called it impossible
triangle. So I kind of scratch my head
every few months, every few weeks
depends on I also see the headline
numbers on broken board news with other
peers as well. Um so sometimes I make a
little bit kind of hesitating to make a
statement but I just want to tell the
facts and tell the views. I want to
separate them out. So uh in the recent
quarter earnings we you know we
mentioned we actually solve partially on
this impossible triangles. One is our
operating profit increased almost
doubled on the Q on Q base and number
two our cloud revenue grew about 79% on
the Y basis which is almost double of
the Y growth rate for the cloud market
in China and number three is since Q3
last year our operating cash flow has
turned positive so positive operating
cash flow incremental operating profits
and higher growth in the market however
my capex is not seeing kind of double
even third multiple times So I think the
way of resolving that is as a CFO or as
a management team of a heavy capex
invested AI tech company right now need
to find a way on one hand really drive
the growth but also keep the density of
the invest investment into AI in a
reasonable pacing.
>> There you go. That was Henry Joe and
Tracy. There we go. Henry Hood, the CFO
of Biodune, of course, the the OddLotss
folks, and the host Joe Weisenthal and
Tracy Aloway, of course, they're here in
town in Hong Kong. In case you missed
them, of course, they are still in town.
So, lots more to watch out as far as
that's concerned. Very quickly, uh just
a glance at markets, several sectors
that have been in focus today. We've
been talking at length about the the dip
that we in some cases are still seeing
across Hong Kong listed financials on
the back of the bigger story a few weeks
ago of this tighter oversight over
crossber flows and how that affects
their businesses. AIA though was going
the opposite way on the back of that
call out of Morgan Stanley.
>> They're saying short-term valuation more
compelling right now. So it came to
concerns about you know the further
regulatory clampdown. uh they do not
think it could happen according to that
team. So certainly uh that's why you're
possibly seeing that rebounding when it
comes to AIA. The rest of the market
though even JP Morgan was saying when it
comes to some of these banks could be an
entry point too. Uh when it comes to oil
stocks obviously they've been following
the oil price higher here this morning.
You take a look at well nationally it's
been a mixed picture but Petrochina is
slightly higher but we're back to close
to 94 95 levels for Brent here this
morning. Airlines of obviously given
what we've been seeing with oil prices,
they could have the opposite story.
There you go. Japan Air, Quantis, Cafe.
We should probably add some of those
Chinese airlines too. Uh DBS had an
interesting call.
>> This is a one world
>> Yeah.
>> collection actually.
>> But DBS had a pretty interesting sort of
line here as well when they talked a
little bit more about they did upgrade
some of these airline Chinese airlines.
Uh just talking about maybe things are
looking a little bit better there on the
margin. Uh when it comes to Apac big
tech, this is what we're checking here
today. uh when it comes to of course the
likes of TSMC, Samsung, Avant, SoftBank
all falling here today. Soft Bank is
really driving that charge or lower by a
little bit more than 1%. So still some
nerves amidst this little tech trade. Uh
and MXP looking like this here right
now. We talked about how uh when it
comes to some of these Chinese markets,
what Hong Kong is doing, you know, we're
near those 11th to one year lows, 11
month and one year lows. Uh and today we
are still seeing some angst across these
markets.
>> We really are. And I think it's that
vacuum of space and I'll use that with a
SpaceX analogy and that vacuum that
giant sucking sound you hear of course
and feel uh as we look into what our
reporting suggests is an IPO that is 75
billion that is four times over
subscribed. Lots more ahead on that.
Plus the bond markets and inflation
story just ahead in the second hour of
the China show.
Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the CSI 300 half hour into the
session and we're coming off some of the
initial momentum here. We're seeing
downside about a third of 1%. Uh same
goes for MSEI China here this morning.
So there is still a pressure across risk
assets across the board here in Asia
today. Uh when you talk about Middle
East tensions flaring up, we did talk
about the US and how they've concluded
some of those strikes on Iran. Uh but
still the oil price is a little bit more
elevated here this morning. You pair
that with this big launch of SpaceX IPO
uh in the next 48 hours. Pricing could
come out later on tonight. So, uh
there's a lot at hand here and maybe
perhaps uh some reason to kind of push
cash aside here leading up to those uh
that big big IPO IPO. So, there you go.
Um China at least is doing relatively
speaking better. We're up about a third
of 1% but the rest of the region is
looking like this. Uh it really is being
driven by the likes of Taipei here. So,
we're lower by about one and a quarter
percent here. Cosby um mo we went from
erasing 4% losses now went went positive
and now we're back lower to about 9/10
of 1% uh nic also not doing quite well.
There was that news of the governor of
the BOJ UA has been hospitalized uh and
he will not uh participate in next
week's BOJ meeting. So certainly that's
one thing to that we'll be tracking as
well. Uh Indonesia just opening up here.
We'll see. So, it's interesting uh what
we learned that the the the Bank of
Indonesia governor actually had a
90-minute call uh late Tuesday night
with investors uh and really trying to
reassure the market here about what
moves they could do to kind of restore
some more confidence and maybe put more
stability in the currency. Uh we're
we're hovering around that 17,941 mark
for the rupia here right now. JCI is
also in positive territory and MXCI AP
is looking like this here right now. Uh
yeah, it's it's not looking too good.
We're lower by about 7/10 of 1%. Dave,
>> yeah, it's it's been quite a volatile
session and I think it just goes into
the some of the things that we talked
about here. US CPI, we'll get into that
in a moment. SpaceX, we talked about
that as we go into pricing and of course
going into the weekend, which is the
actual listing itself. And don't forget
about the Fed, right? The inflation
numbers then a bit of a head scratcher
how that affects the what the Fed will
signal in as far as pricing goes. Okay,
so this is about a thousand stocks in in
one picture. Um, as you can see, it's
mostly red. That's why the benchmark is
actually red. And you do see, of course,
some of the big ones like TSMC
and Samsung, these are the tickers are
actually doing much of the damage. And
as far as the pull is concerned, you are
getting some buying though in the likes
of uh uh SKH for example, is 2.8% to the
upside. Most of financials are actually
down. Mitsubishi UFJ uh 3% down on
things like Alibaba, Tencent also here
as well slightly to the upside. But I
just want to focus in on of course some
of the big winners like U semis and of
course hardware. Uh we are getting some
pressure and some profits being taken
off the table there uh on the back of
several headwinds that these risk assets
are facing going into the let's call the
next five or six trading sessions.
>> Yeah, it continues to be that inflation
sort of I guess elephant in the room
right on what really what we're seeing.
you look under the hood not just of what
markets but under the hood of that US
CPI print that we got overnight uh and
we actually saw when it comes to the
headline numbers uh you know you saw US
inflation accelerate to the fastest pace
in more than 3 years but then you take a
look at what's going on in the core
inflation numbers and that's where
you're seeing signs of maybe a relief
for the new Fed Governor Kevin Worish
where it basically hald from April right
0.2% 2% when it came to core CPI as
well. Nevertheless, you know, the market
initially did look at that as a relief,
but then once oil prices started to go
up again, uh we did see Treasury start
to sell off here. And still, when it
comes to those rate hike bets, we're
actually unchanged after that CPI
report. So, we're still pricing in one
rate hike by the end of this year. Okay,
let's bring in Tuha Cha, portfolio
manager and Asia head of fixed income at
Rabico joining us uh today to talk about
rates, macro and everything in between.
Tua, very nice to see you and good
morning from Hong Kong. Can we start
with your assumptions on the macro? What
do you think the next move from the Fed
is going to be? Is it going to be a hike
or a cut?
>> No, we think they're going to keep it on
hold. Uh the reason is is that I think
at least the CPI number yesterday gives
uh you know gives the uh FOMC enough
reason to hold for now. I think a hike
is a bit pre uh a bit too early to to to
be expected given the fact that I know
we know that the labor market has been
holding up well but one of the kind of
things that we may be reading into the
more cautious um core uh numbers could
be that actually because headlines is so
high that uh consumers are actually
being kind of priced out of of of other
stuff and therefore the demand isn't so
strong in non-discretionary um items. So
therefore, we're kind of watching that
carefully. That's to say, is this the
first signs of actually um demand
destruction from the very strong um
higher energy prices that's feeding
through?
>> Yeah, I mean it does raise some
questions about the health of the US
consumer. Now, Tua, uh where does that
leave rates then? I mean, when I'm
taking a look at when it comes to the
Treasury curve, I mean, we're a little
bit well above the 5% handle for the US
30-year yield. Do you think that we've
reached a peak when it comes to where
yields are now?
>> We so we think in the short end I I
think that feels like it's overdone. So
we're kind of quite uh uh kind of
constructive on the two to five years
part of the curve. We we don't think
that uh you know we're going to see any
hikes in uh anytime soon. on the 30 year
I think we probably more targets more
like a two and a five and a quarter%
just because I think there is going to
be a bit more concern um in terms of uh
risk premier and and term premier being
priced in um as we look to to expect
that inflation might uh become a bit
more embedded um even if you say so even
if the uh conflicts in Iran uh kind of
calms down we don't think that we reach
a a conclusion to that that means that
inflation is going to be out of the way
anytime soon.
>> So I think since the war started
most fixed income strategies haven't
done well I think with the exception of
maybe high yield. Do you think that
continues or is there value emerging in
some of the losers like long duration
for example? How are you looking at
value at the moment?
>> So I think we're still relatively
cautious on on on duration. uh although
we're beginning to feel like certainly
now that the uh the market is beginning
to price in what scenarios of of a
higher yield. So uh beginning to get
we're beginning to get there. So we're
actually a little bit more constructive
and we're just hoping that in the next
few uh quarters that we get uh a much
more kind of clear of a picture that you
know that some of these that these
levels will would reach a level that
they would be more stable and then
therefore uh fixed income would be
actually back in fashion. But it seems
very hard given that everything is very
much focused on on the the big tech
stocks right now.
>> That's true. Um and you're seeing that
sort of dichotomy between what equities
are are are looking at and what bond
markets are really pricing in.
>> Um how do you look at EM right now? I
know you have to be quite selective. Uh
what you're you're starting to see the
clear winners and losers of of this
whole oil story play out. I look at a a
market like Indonesia where there is
that commodity play but the market seems
to be focusing on on other things
whether it's the you know fiscal
concerns central bank independence and
the like. Have we seen and have heard
enough from policy makers to to reassure
you that you know things could look
better from here on forward or do you
think there's more pain ahead? So we
were quite cautious of Indonesia kind of
um earlier this part of the year but
we're beginning to feel like the market
um uh consensus is is moving not quite
there but nearly there in actually uh
dealing with some of these issues. I
think policy makers are now beginning to
acknowledge um and some of the pressures
whether it's MSEI the rating agencies
are forcing uh the policy makers to
reook and actually think about how
important it is to deal with the
confidence issue. We're hoping, you
know, there's a few things that we're
looking out for that they can try to I
think they're working very hard with the
rating agencies right now to make sure
that uh that that they can alleviate
some of those concerns, but and of
course they they are also from what
we're hearing working quite closely with
MSEI to deal with some of those
structural uh issues. So, we're
beginning to feel like the market is
forcing them to act and I think the uh
the BI this week kind of taking actions
to indicate again they're willing to do
what it um something uh to alleviate
these concerns. So, beginning to be of
beginning to see the beginnings of a
turnaround story for for them right now,
but not quite there yet. still a few uh
data points to look out for. And and
again, confidence is one of those things
that uh it's it it's easy to lose, but
it takes a little bit longer to uh
regain the market's trust. And until
that happens, we're going to have to see
a bit more more uh uh a bit more uh
value that needs to be put in before the
market becomes very excited. You just
have to overshoot. That's that's how it
works when you've lost confidence.
>> Yeah. And you know they need to convince
people like you on the buy side and you
know the fact that they are getting on
these calls based on our reporting
talking to investors that's a good thing
but it also I think underscores too that
it's gotten to a point where you need to
get on a call with investors too. What
more do you need to hear or see then to
for for at least your confidence to come
back fully.
>> So for example the the co- commodity
export uh kind of announcement wasn't
very clear. Uh it it's going back and
forth is it uh six months seems
ambitious. these type of uh action you
know can shake people off now in itself
and they may not be a bad policy again
communication being clear being
systematic which I have to say um
Indonesia become quite good of in the
last kind of you know been looking at
this market for a long time and it feels
like they've lost that and they need to
go back to giving uh confidence that the
institutions their work that that
credibility is something that they
strive to have and then hopefully we can
see a bit of turnaround so because and
underlying you know Indonesia's
fundamentals it's it's it's got the
commodity exports that we all think that
is actually structurally important in
the long run but again uh confidence in
the institution in independence this
goes across not into Indonesia but all
the central banks become extremely
important because fiscals are under
pressure because uh we're having to uh
you know a lot of governments are having
to use subsidies to uh reduce the impact
of uh the energy shock So again, this is
where institutional um credibility
actually can actually reduce your risk
premium quite a lot and if you lose it,
you'll have to pay up for it.
>> Yeah. I mean that's underscores the
value of having that um you know that
that that value to begin with there.
Very quickly 19 days from now we enter
the second half of the year. Um your
outlook very quickly on bond market
volatility.
>> Yeah. So we think that we have to be
volatile um which is because there's
still uh quite a few things that are
have to happen that we don't see any
clarity right now. We've we're going
back and forth uh about uh the Iran war
to to the point that actually people are
almost tired of of hearing about it but
the conclusion doesn't become clear. I
think that's that's the problem. Um I
think as we hit towards um the the
midterms we think that the noise and the
pressure from both sides will get higher
and at the same time the feeding through
of the inflation uh issue from the the
high higher energy prices hasn't
actually fully come through. We don't
know if this is going to result in in
some sort of demand destruction. And
another thing that I think people should
be talking a little bit more uh about
one of the things that we've been um
maybe on our side kind of wrong about
which has been how strong the AI boom
has actually helped the US economy and
you know we we saw in the labor data so
we were probably a bit too cautious on
that. However, it's beginning to become
uh a concern that it's crowding out
everything else. So yes, it's great to
have an AI tech boom, but if it's only
focused on that sector and then it
starts to crowd out everything else,
then it becomes a concern. So I think
those are the things that we have to
look out for and that's why we think
that until we get some of those uh
issues uh bedded down it's going to lead
the market to be volatile in terms of
deciding if it it's too much AI too
little AI too much rate cuts and then
all of those things will mean that that
we flip and and flop until we reach um
you know some sort of clearer
conclusions of these things are actually
net net positive or do they actually
crowd out and cause a higher risk
premium across the
Good to hear that. Thank you so much for
the insights to Hacha, portfolio manager
and head of fixed income uh for Asia
there at Rubiko. Uh from that of course
we're going to go which is the other top
story we're tracking across these
markets today. We did get very close to
4,000. We're coming off a little bit so
41 right now but still of course we're
down about 28% the equity market
iteration on the right side of your
screens and as you can see uh some of
these miners are really feeling the
pressure as we go into the thick of the
session uh this morning this Thursday in
the Asia Pacific. Yeah, for more, let's
bring in our Bloomberg Metals reporter,
Yihei Sh joining us from Singapore. Um,
it continues to be a downtrend story
when it comes to gold prices. Yi, what
do you think is the cause behind this
latest slump?
>> Yeah, and I I mean, as we are speaking,
gold has reversed it earlier slump in a
day um because we had the latest news
from the US about completing latest
strike on Iran. Um and I think this is a
pattern of um movement that we have seen
over the past few months where um the
Iran headline has really been driving
gold um movement. Um and I would say
that in the latest movement um in the
past few days in particular um we we do
see gold
um falling below key support levels such
as 4,100 yesterday and also um the 200
day moving average. So that bridging
through of technical support is really
testing investors confidence in what
might otherwise be a haven.
So near-term
is is the direction of travel travel or
trajectory is that likely to the
downside over the very near term is is
the question.
>> Yeah, I think it's kind of uncertain as
with the rest of the market. Um I would
say that it seems like investors are not
having that conviction anymore unlike
what we have seen over the past um year.
Um, so I think that movement might
continue to be vulnerable and uh some in
uh some investors and analysts are
talking about potentially going below
$4,000.
Um, and I think that's very likely given
that you know we there's so much
uncertainty unraveling um in Iran and in
the region. Um, and we also have the
whole CPI print that we talked about
earlier on. Um so I think the next move
is pretty much dependent on the war and
also um any more clues from the Fed
about the next um race decision. Um but
in the meantime um we do see that uh the
gold market is forming some kind of a
bearish pattern where you are seeing
higher um lower lows and lower highs. Um
and that is not optimistic. Um and so I
would say that you know that people are
saying that you shouldn't be buying the
dip and I will agree.
Uh what about in terms of I mean we have
a lot of strategies that come on the
show that say look now looks volatile
but the the longer term bullish case is
still there. Do you think that the
bullish case for gold longer term is
still intact?
>> Yeah, I would say so. I think that's
what the market has been expecting. um
uh going forward in the longer term. Um
so one of the data that we see uh from
say over the weekend we see that China
central bank which is one of the biggest
gold buyers um in the world has added 10
tons of gold reserve um and that is
actually an uh in a trend of
acceleration from the past few months.
So I think that is um another sign that
these longerterm investors might be
still adding on to uh holding on to
their gold and adding into their
reserve. But I think it's just that in
the near term um that support is not
enough to sort of counter the lack of
investor confidence. So we you may we
may still see lower prices in the near
term but the market
>> in the long term is still optimistic.
Yay. Thank you. Yi Sh there, our medals
reporter joining us out of Singapore.
Um, gold. Still to come, we're going to
talk about Bank of Japan. The governor
Kazua Uea is set to miss next week's
policy meeting after being taken to the
hospital. We have an update from Tokyo
next. This is Bloomberg.
Yeah, these markets, specifically the
Hangen Tech Index to my right, year-to-
date look. And as you can see, we're not
we haven't done it hasn't been a great
year. And in fact, at the moment, we're
now trading at the lowest uh level. We
just took out the low in April and some
of the big contributors there to to the
downside right now 2%. Everything from
Baba down to Xiaoang. We'll we'll talk
more about this, of course, later on.
Yeah, these these losses seem to be
extending here today and yeah, we're
around those session lows when it comes
to the hangen here in particular. 2%
losses for Agents Tech right now. Uh
let's switch on and talk about another
story in Japan. So the Bank of Japan
Governor Kazua Uea is in the hospital
and expected to miss next week's
critical policy meeting. The BOJ
confirmed that UEA is being treated for
a liver cyst infection and treatment may
last two weeks. Let's bring in our
senior editor Brian Fowler joining us
out of Tokyo here this morning. So, of
course, our our our hearts and prayers
and and go to to the governor and hope
everything's okay, Brian. But but do you
tell us a little bit more about his
absence? Do you think it changes
anything about this upcoming BOJ
decision?
>> Yeah, I don't think it I mean, the one
thing it will change is the vote because
he said he will not actually participate
in the vote count. So, we'll only have
eight votes to count. Uh but beyond
that, I don't think it changes anything
in terms of the outcome. He's made it
clear over the last week in the recent
speech that he seems to favor a rate
hike. And we've seen that uh even people
who uh board members who advocated
easing or keeping policy settings steady
the last time around have come out
recently in favor of a rate hike. So the
numbers are there to proceed with a hike
on the 16th. And I think we'll get it. I
think maybe you know it won't be
unanimous. Maybe Assada, the newly the
new board member who's a reflationist
may uh descent in favor of a hold, but
otherwise I think we're looking at maybe
a 7 to1 vote in favor of a hike.
So Bryant, after the decision is
announced, we then move into that
briefing where it's obviously it should
be the governor that's phasing the press
and answering questions. In this case,
it will be the deputy governor.
How does that change our expectations of
messaging and tone and all the other
important things?
>> Yeah, David, that's very important
because with widespread expectations of
a hype, that's going to be mostly
pricing to the market. So, the key thing
is what the governor or the deputy
governor in this case says at that
briefing about the trajectory to come
going forward. And we've seen in the
past uh the governor ua has sometimes
sent kind of mixed signals. He's an he's
an academic. He tends to argue both
sides of the case and has sometime
sometimes come out sounding a little
dovish and we saw the yen sell off. I
think Deputy Governor Icha will endeavor
to send a very clear signal that while
there are still lots of uncertainties
going forward, namely the Iran war and
how that impact will filter through the
economy. I think he's going to try to
send a very uh clear signal that the
trajectory still points toward further
increases further later this year.
>> Brian, thank you. Brian Fowler there,
our senior editor in Tokyo for us. We
will leave you with a brief look at
markets. We're at session lows right now
in the benchmark. We'll unpack some of
the big decliners next. This is the
China show.
Welcome back. Just an update. The Spurs
are in control in New York. The Bears
are in control here uh in Hong Kong. Uh
a heat map look at the hanging tech
index where virtually every single stock
with the exception of about a handful
are down. Um as you can see so BYD,
Alibaba, Muan, Xiaomi u some SMIC as you
can see are leading the downside here
and these are very heavily weighted in
large stocks as well with you know
Alibaba down about 5% is going to do
that too. We're down about 100 points in
the hanging tech index. Uh these of
course have an overlap when you look at
it from a sort of Hen index perspective.
uh and because of the pressure here uh
we were looking at the specific level as
we went into the open today and we have
now taken out that level to the downside
which was the level that we hit back in
late March and early April that's coming
up on your screens very uh shortly right
now and we are now trading at an
11-month low on the Hen index. There's a
level and we're back to effectively
levels here of the last July. Ivon.
>> Yeah. So continue to see that you know
we could be getting back to the year's
low um and really just no not much
upside right especially when it came to
some of these uh you know China tech
plays which continue to be the big
losers across the board here. Um we are
seeing even just the traditional
darlings of AI are seeing quite a bit of
pressure here. TSMC we're seeing losses
of now close to one and a half%. Samsung
is also down by two. There you go. Baba
down some 5% this morning. This is
Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment. We are seeing the sell off
kind of gain a bit more momentum across
the board here in Asia today. Hang Sang
in particular has been feeling it and
SoftBank continued to see 4% losses here
today and that's really kind of dragging
uh Japanese equities here today. were
lower by about 1 and a.5%. Uh dollar yen
still around that 160 level here of
course as we countdown to that BOJ
meeting next week when we will be
missing one one person Mr. UA.
>> Yep. He was hospitalized and is expected
to miss of course the meeting uh next
week. Uh and of course uh the government
is wishing the BOJ governor of course a
swift uh recovery. Uh let's have a look
at these uh the rest of the region as we
go into the thick of things. is in of
course 1.6% to the downside right now in
Asia pack. So yeah, we're we it
certainly has picked up in terms of
momentum to the downside, volumes in
most parts of the market. 260 is now
very much in focus in the benchmark
itself. The dollar is actually coming
off a little bit as well which uh isn't
helping actually risk assets as we
speak. U energy is seeing some upside
given the pop in oil prices. You're
seeing the rest of the region's not
doing well. Right. Uh let's get to the
uh one of the source we've been tracking
today. Okay, so Bloomberg has learned
that remember Ant Groupoup, Ant
Financial, uh the international business
is considering raising about a billion
dollars to accelerate growth. Now,
Bloomberg intelligence thinks that the
company's fundraising may actually
support an IPO upside. Let's bring in
our team for the details on the story,
plus analysis. Minman Low, our China
correspondent is here and also Francis
Chan out of our senior analyst of course
who oversees. Minman, let's start with
you. The fundraising is expected to lead
to a potential IPO. But what what what
more do we know about that path?
>> Yes. So this is according to what
sources are telling us and I just want
to draw a distinction here between Ant
International and Ant Group. So Ant
International was carved out of Ant
Group after that regulatory crackdown
back in 2020. So it's now headquartered
in Singapore. It answers to the MAS
rather than the the Chinese regulators.
So that puts it on a faster path to an
IPO. So after this fun fundraising $1
billion that they are seeking uh some
are speculating that we could see
potentially an IPO as soon as this year
in Hong Kong.
>> Soon as this year?
>> Yeah,
>> pretty soon. You think Francis? What do
you think?
>> Um I I I would say that obviously this
round of fundraising has give a more
positive signal on this IPO. Uh but uh I
just want to reiterate his CEO the uh
Dave Fingin uh back in 2025 he
reiterated they will uh focus on growth
first um and uh they will only consider
IPO when the time was right
>> but then uh now we see another round of
fundraising 1 billion especially when
the potential valuation has been uh
about the 10 billion or a little bit
more of that um we we are seeing some
positive signal if not this year early
next year. Yeah. So Minman if they do
hit the markets is here to raise money.
What will foreign investors buying into?
What's the business they're buying into
here to to build on your earlier point?
>> Yeah, so it's a pretty solid business
now. They have, you know, took some
years to really stabilize the the
company's operations. It's looking at I
think more than $3 billion in revenue
last year. Uh the main business of
course has been the crossber payment
service known as Alipay Plus. So they
support more than 300 ways or 300
methods of financial payments. uh and
then they have a merchantfacing service
that allows merchants to accept payments
in over a 100 currencies. So they have
the consumer basic facing business, they
have the merchants facing business and
they have a B2B one that settles
crossber uh trade payments and lastly
they also have this AI assisted lending
business that helps uh to handle forex
management as well.
>> Well, you you mentioned Francis this
this valuation of Ant uh in your report.
So when they're talking about raising a
billion, they could value the business
at 10 billion plus. Tell us about the
comps. Well, um, well, Bloom
Intelligence has its own thematic
research team coming up with a a basket
of 27, uh, comparables and, uh, just
based on yesterday's pricing, I think
the, uh, uh, valation based on price to
sales ratio, uh, based on the three 3.7
billion revenue for 2025, uh, we do see
the a variation of 11.5 billion and that
could be an upside too if we take the
uh, uh, the upper B of the range of 14
billion. So that that will be the basis
of our analysis.
>> All right. Uh Francis and Mman, thank
you on this ant story here. Uh Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst Francis Chan
and our China correspondent Mimman Low
there. Uh we're checking Asian markets
here. It looks like the selloff is
getting a bit more traction here right
now. Uh not looking too good as we
countdown of course to that SpaceX IPO
pricing that comes out a little bit
later on here today as well. And
obviously we're still digesting some of
the inflation numbers that we got out of
the US and the Iran situation here
today. This is Bloomberg.
I I think it mathematically it's very
hard to see how you could see SpaceX
delivering the same kind of returns as a
public company as Tesla did. But I think
what this speaks to is a requirement for
investors to have exposure to growth in
both the private and the public markets.
>> These smaller caps which we are now I
guess are much more difficult to get the
attention in the short term. Now,
medium-term, I really hope they do well
because they're really important moments
for capital markets and their depth. And
if they do well, you'll get more
confidence in in the IPO market.
All right, that's some views from our
guests, of course, on the upcoming
SpaceX IPO. We talked about what the
timeline's going to look like in the
next 48 hours, right? So, pricing could
come out a little bit later on here
today. Uh, and then, of course, that
listing to follow. Uh we also did hear
from veteran short seller James Jim
Chenos there is also bearish on the
world's biggest IPO and he really saying
that the company has revenues of only
$19 billion and negative free cash flow.
So he told a conference in New York
overnight he says this is really a hopes
and dreams IPO. You can build whatever
stories you want colonies on Mars
factories on the moon data centers in
space to justify that valuation. I think
what trading is it 90 times sales I
believe is what I saw on the latest one
this one is this story is so I think
maybe just the latest right so I think
the books have closed it's our
understanding it's four times
>> open subscribe the pricing is you know
few hours few hours meaning of course
Thursday in the US and then of course
then we we start trading there's so many
angles to the story
>> there's so many angles and I think in
this part of the world it's really about
this enthusiasm among the retail sector
about getting their hands on this IPO O
we certainly saw that enthusiasm in
Japan, right, when they're talking
about, you know, they're earmarking 30%
of that IPO for individual buyers.
There's a scramble that's underway.
>> Well, there no IPOs in Japan as well. No
big ones.
>> No big ones. They're they're they're
starving for something, right? So
certainly there's that. Then there's
that Middle East uh story that we had
there, the scoop about how they're I
think they're scooping up orders of like
I think 10 to bill 1 to five billion, I
should say, um when it comes to from the
funds there. So there's plenty of demand
from this part of the world. Of course,
we've talked about our reporting from
Bloomberg about China and Hong Kong
investors here not able to take it uh
participate uh in this IPO. So, uh this
frenzy continues here. We'll see how
this all plays out if whether we see a
smooth launch or not.
>> Well, I like that.
>> Well, well, think about what happened
with with Facebook, right, when it
listed. There were so many technical
glitches here, right? So, they're trying
to smooth that out to see that all
things are systems go.
>> Well, it's the dress rehearsal before
Anthropic and Oh, okay. I didn't mean it
that way. Okay, just they're all
important. That's a big one too.
>> So the other story that's interesting
too and I recommend this to all our
clients and viewers too. So there's also
the portion where and then I'll read you
the headline. SpaceX leaves some banks
quite peeved at the junior role to the
IPO lineup because some junior bankers
um who are working for a smaller slice
of the fees are being relegated to roles
that don't come with even credit.
>> The co-managers role.
>> Yeah.
>> Not so much um the underwriters. Yeah.
>> But you're still getting paid. You still
you still want to be part of it.
>> Yeah. But I guess some people really
want a tap in the back. Thank you for
your work. That was fantastic.
>> Here's the plaque. Here's a social media
like that. Uh be be on your way and
focus on the next deal. But anyway, this
is going to engulf your newsfeed over
the next.
>> I mean, there was also a lot of talk
about, you know, h how rushed this IPO
was in some ways, right? And whether it
should be or not, you know, speed up the
addition on some of these index
providers, right? So that certainly has
ignited a lot of debate
>> about whether index providers should be
doing that here. Ramping up the addition
of these newly listed large companies
and how fasttracking them would affect
people's 401ks and really broader equity
performance. Let's bring in Shulie Ren
from our Bloomberg opinion columnist. Uh
she thinks China should also be looking
at this case here and having a
conversation and taking a closer look at
the makeup of its benchmark indices.
Julie is here to explain more. So uh
China's uh stock market is not doing so
well right CSI 300 is flat for the year
and the hens and the attack index is
down 14 15% for the year and the one big
problem is that is the index composition
basically if you look at CSI 300 the
chip and the hard techch companies
account for just over 25% of the total
index whereas if you look at the Korea
or uh Taiwan it's like 60 80% right so
China is definitely not at the epicenter
of the AI trade even though the
government is talking about AI all the
time. Right? So I think what's happening
is that China needs to make sure that uh
its main stock market index reflects
more of the new economy stocks and
perhaps phase out a little bit of the
old economy stocks because we know
they're not working right. Banks
earnings are not working. consumer
discretionary or uh staples firms that
their earnings have been revised
downward steadily over the year and uh I
think that's yeah that's a conversation
China should be having
>> well is it the case that China is doing
poorly or is it just a specific
combination of stocks that makes it
appear that China is doing poorly on AI
>> it's the latter the Chinese AI stocks
are do also doing super super well but
they are just a smaller portion of the
total index and in fact China also has a
big IPO iss coming right. The robotics
maker Unitry is uh has applied for uh
public listing on the Shanghai
Starboard. Uh the the two big uh uh
memory chip makers, they are also going
to go public in the Shanghai Starboard.
But these companies because they are
listed on the starboard. They're not
going to be uh included in the main CSI
300 until at least one one to one year
and a half later.
>> Okay, Shulie. Thank you. usually ren
their Bloomberg opinion columnist of
course for subscribers you can check out
her column and full piece today
sometimes bending rules can revive a
stock market that's also on the website
bloomberg.com uh yeah we're checking
markets Dave
>> yeah um so we are looking at losses and
quite steep ones not uh specifically
being things being thrown out the window
but substantially enough that we are
trading at much lower levels than we
were let's call it about an hour back uh
in fact the Cosby index was lower was
higher at one point We're lower again
and I believe we're at session lows on
most benchmarks across the region. Uh
we've scrambled to get Lenting 2 to join
us right now to tell us exactly what's
going on and I guess you guys are very
busy to figuring that out ying, but why
effectively are we trading now at
session lows and most benchmarks here?
>> Yeah, I think uh right now it's again
there's a lot going on. There is a
geopolitical tension that the hot
headline about US completing Iran
strikes sort of lift the sentiment a
little bit. But there is also the ripple
effect about sticky inflation and also
the Space X IPO you guys were just
talking about. There's a lot of
enthusiasm about it. There is a lot of
people trying to still get onto it. You
know for a lot of Asian retail traders
maybe not directly get onto it but
looking for other methods to get onto it
by you know space linked ETF or by
NASDAQ which will get um SpaceX added in
15 days after trading. So there's still
a lot of collab uh calculation going on
among retail traders on how to you know
which t which stocks to to buy and what
kind of products to own. So that kind of
explains the kind of you know uh intense
volatility we're seeing in the market
right now.
>> Well I want to zoom in a little bit more
on HStech because we've seen the losses
actually be be a bit more pronounced
particularly when it came to Baba. uh
even overnight we saw you know a lot of
these consumer names were actually
benefiting ex with the exception of
Baba. What do you think is going on in
in sort of the China tech space
specifically?
>> Yeah, it is again about attention right
there's a lot going on vying for
investors attention but China doesn't
really have much to offer right now
especially in the offshore market. Yeah,
we're looking at Msei China index. It is
one index that's standing out in terms
of getting close to entering a bare
market. When we talk about other
markets, you know, sliding from record
highs. So again, the kind of consumer
heavy waiting in the offshore China
stock indices is really not helping. And
uh if you look at the onore market, it
performs relatively better because they
have more hardware stocks in the in in
their indices. But again there is just a
very narrow breath that is playing out
right now again a very unhealthy sign.
So if you look at stocks that are
hitting new highs not many actually and
more stocks are falling rather than
rising and only 30% of stocks are still
at above their 52 week average uh week
high uh versus 80% earlier this year. So
you can see the deteriorating breath
that's playing out even in the onshore
market.
Oh yeah, no one likes bad breath. U
Ling, um let's end on a positive note.
Any bright spots? Anything moving to the
upside right now within the equity
space?
>> Yeah, right now I think you know as
Anthony highlighted earlier, people are
still thinking about some kind of uh
quality names. We see memory names
getting uh another look. Uh we see
Kiosia doing quite well in Japan and in
China's onshore space. Today a hot theme
is these MLCC and PCB sector. I think
very much linked to the data center news
that came out about two days ago.
>> All right, Lanting, thank you Lanting
too there. Our managing editor for Asia
Equities joining us out of Singapore and
leaving you with a look at how these
Chinese markets are doing as we continue
to track this selloff here today. We
talked about the HSI. We are still
around those session lows and on track
to really lose all the really gains that
we saw for 2026. 11-month lows right now
and as we talked about uh we are nearing
a bare market here uh when it comes to
of course offshore equities in China.
This is Bloomberg.
As if we didn't have enough to worry
about already. Now, we got to talk about
the weather, right? Um, I don't know if
you saw that yesterday afternoon. It was
a sort of a red, we call it red head on
your terminal screens here about El Nino
uh has formed across the Pacific. That's
according to the Japan Meteorological
Agency and really raises the threat of
droughts, floods, and extreme
temperatures worldwide. And this is the
first El Nino event since 2023 and could
be one of the strongest on record.
Similar events have historically reduced
yields when it comes to palm oil,
coffee, cocoa, cotton, and grains,
including wheat and rice. So, we're
watching very much the impact this could
have on soft commodities. Uh you take a
look at this chart. I mean, it's quite
colorcoded, but you take a look at the
chances of El Nino forming uh by the end
of July. That was some of the early sort
of estimates here. That has basically
climbed uh to about 80% there according
to the US climate prediction center. and
chances of either a strong or very
strong event. That's why the darker reds
that you're seeing here uh since last
year. So, this was sort of a long time
coming, but it seems like we're we're
here according to what we heard from
Japan, Dave.
>> Yeah, absolutely. So, that actually did
cross the Bloomberg terminal yesterday.
That red headline similar to that hue of
Hong red that you see there with with uh
Ivon's graphic there. So, let's get more
details on this and why it matters. Why
is this important? Because it really is.
Uh Mary Huay, our weather reporter is
with us right now to tell us more about
the significance of course that
confirmation out of Japan and the
declaration we got yesterday.
>> Yeah. Um it's one of the most closely
watched indicators uh of what weather to
expect. Weather is inherently chaotic,
unpredictable, but here with El Nino,
we're getting a clear uh set of clues
for what to expect in the months ahead.
And so markets, governments, farmers, um
all sorts of industries are looking at
it very very closely just to shape their
decisions um and and how to shift
various resources um in the weeks and
months ahead.
>> Good point.
>> How is this going to play out in the
coming months?
>> Most of the forecasts are expecting
predicting that El Nino will continue
strengthening and peak around December,
January. Um and of course a powerful El
Nino raises the probability of more
severe impacts but it's not a onetoone
direct correlation. Right? So
historically we have seen strong Elinos
lead to actually not particularly severe
impacts say uh severe droughts or severe
floods elsewhere. Um and so it does load
the dice um for more significant impacts
but you know we we do have to keep an
eye on how exactly will play out. um
closer to home probably in Asia we're
looking at how the Indian monsoon uh
will play out uh will it be
significantly drier than uh years prior
uh also on the typhoon side usually we
will see more typhoons in the west
Pacific around the Philippines around
Japan so whether that will play out will
have significant impacts for
>> yeah usually those systems tend to head
to Hong Kong after they hit those some
of those places ahead um there's
certainly been a lot more talk about how
strong this one this in fact super
elenia has been discussed what's that
about is that something we should be
worried about or is that just a tail
risk at this point
>> it's definitely a catchy phrase and I
think uh generally that is good for
raising awareness it is not an official
term right um but it does refer to how
much a particular segment of the Pacific
Ocean is warming and the stronger it is
the more likely we will see severe
impacts as I was uh just discussing so
um Yeah. Uh with the background of uh
climate change and globally warming
temperatures, well, we're kind of in
uncharted territory as to how exactly a
strong Nino will interact with that the
changing climate.
>> Okay, thank you for the heads up. Well,
this is something that we will continue
to track as we go into the thick of
things and really when we are expected
is to peak, which is at December and
January. Mary, thank you so much. Our
weather uh reporter there, by the way,
for Bloomberg clients, we have an
explainer on this. It's on the Bloomberg
terminal. You can check it out. why the
world is bracing uh for a rare super
elinia that's coming up on your screens
very very shortly just to give you a
sense of so that's the details that we
know in the latest but you can read and
everything that needs you to you need to
know and really how this might affect
you should be affecting how you make
your decision so on and so forth but yes
>> and it's coming at a tricky time when
you're talking about what's going on in
the world right you're already dealing
with an energy crunch there's shortages
in fertilizer there's inflationary
pressures all around the world here
right now. So you add that to these
weather concerns and what this could
mean for soft commodities I think you
know maybe that does add to more
inflationary pressures out there too.
>> Yeah. Um the higher rates conversation.
So we now have one hike price and do
expect that maybe to get slightly more
uh upward pressure um on the back of
this too. Um okay so we'll we'll have a
look at that. Uh just very quickly
before we wrap up the show here just
there are lots of other movers and we
talked about this with lenting earlier
on and what um on a down day like today
there are some bright spots PCB related
names on your screens as well on the
back perhaps of conversations around uh
volume growth uh this is according to
city uh on some of the things that go
into the supply chain there. So there
are some bright spots and some alpha
actually that can be made here going
into uh what really has been a downdraft
story on an index level. Uh the China
though I believe last I checked is
actually doing quite well.
>> Yeah. So Shenzhen's still maybe
relatively speaking looking pretty good.
I mean what we're seeing in mega cap
tech in China is continued downside.
Look at Baba we're down some 5%. Uh
perhaps there's a little bit there's
been chatter about open AI considering
these drastic cuts. So you wonder what
token pricing and really how is that
coming to the four when it comes to this
whole AI trade. That could be uh some
speculation out there at this point. Um
but certainly it is sending some shock
waves against some of the big big China
tech names here this morning. Uh
Xiaomi's down 2%. Xpong even some of the
autos are lower by 6 and a half% here
today. Uh which you know they largely
have been beneficiaries of this oil
price that continues to spike uh this
morning. Hang's looking at this right.
We're we're down one and a half% uh 11
month not lows. We are approaching you
know erasing all of this year's gains.
It's been quick, huh? And compare this
to other markets which are, yes, they're
down 6 to 10%. But you look at the
chart, it's substantially higher still
for the year. Uh, who would have thought
24,000 would be the level we'd be
talking about going into uh the second
half of the year. 20 24,000 to the
downside specifically, too. Okay. Uh
before we wrap things up, just just a
look at the uh game four, of course,
Madison Square Garden, you have Knicks
and the Spurs. I understand we are about
to wrap up the third quarter.
>> Um and I think the Spurs are up and up
substantially here. So obviously a lot
of things can happen in the fourth
quarter, but it looks like it's going to
be 22.
>> Yeah, 22. Uh it's going to be a nailbit
biter what game five is going to bring
here as well, but certainly yeah, we're
going to continue to watch what goes on
uh in Madison Square Garden here today.
That's it for us here on the China show.
We have Insight with Helina Amond coming
up next. Stay with us.